hello friends I'm mario arias sensor
photography in art photography we are going to
talk about a new goal of canon
it's about 100 404 and a half 56 of the series
l is version 2 with which this
means that one of the three objectives
most desired by lovers of
nature photography
bird watching etc are of
congratulations since what the
canon is to revamp this this lens a
lens that has high demand among this
kind of photographers who have these
hobbies and certainly
if it has evolved as you can
imagine is to go to better is a
objective that
about everything they have wanted to do is
improve considerably what is the
Focus speed is a speed of
approach much faster with respect
to version 1 this lens existed and
also of course they have improved it in
Regarding image stabilization
eventually winning up to 4 steps when
we have activated and the truth that good
is another of the things that can be
require targets of these
characteristics that by certain volume and
weight then to make the stabilizer
optical image as it is an element
really important at the time of a
time of
to improve and be able to perform better
photographs regarding the construction
for good is within what is the
range of optics of the series l ie
nothing to reproach about is a
objective that conveys a solidity
quite interesting comes prepared
to be able to work in environments with
moisture moisture with which a goal
that many of its uses are going to be in
outside of the logo, it is also a
This important information we have taken from
The box comes with the typical case while
typical case you can also observe the
parasol apart from warranties and
instruction book with
technical specifications of the product
the 100 400 because it is thought
obviously to be able to use them in
full sensor format cameras
the full frame type 26 is one of the
five etcetera can also be
undoubtedly use in cameras as
this one of the seven plus two of the format to
psc in this case then the focal length
As you all know, it would be equivalent to
have a 150 to 600 and well then for
cameras of this kind cameras that is
a sports photograph is one of his
specialties then really
have a 600 millimeters with this quality
in a camera type this 7 frame of the logo
it's all a blessing
what I told you at the beginning of the
focusing speed I already think what
I can really appreciate that it is very
fast silent at the same time recovers and
it refreshes pretty well with which everything
what the manufacturer announced to us
I think it has led to it going to good
port as novelties also has the
possibility of blocking the
focal length in any of its
positions that good for certain
type of photographs in which at
better by the effect of gravity well
let's say because they will be chopped
contrapicados we can fix this
focal distance to what we believe
apart from the large focal length ring
we have the possibility of if we put it
in power manual focus switch
make manual approaches with very good hoop
that is, what is really what
it works pretty well and it's pretty
effective so I see here because we have
between the four classic switches
I would say the one that limits the
approach from three meters to infinity or the
which makes the total approach
The minimum focusing distance is one
a little less than one meter is 98
centimeters
in manual automatic focus he said to the
possibility of disabling the
image stabilizers and when it's
activated then we have up to three modes
stabilization
to be able to choose according to our
let's say preferences in the use of
image stabilizer as for the
technical elements so tell you what is
composed in terms of readers scheme
optical by 21 elements in 16 groups of
these elements because some of them
They are fluoride lenses and it is also very
typical in the range of the canon l series
lenses ,
of low dispersion there are lenses with
anti-glare coatings that good
Well to avoid all kinds of light
parasitic chromatic aberrations and good
Well, here you take great care that a
objective of a professional series like
species in 400 well get to have a
new maintain quality levels
how is the diameter of the
filter so I see it's 77
millimeters the weight of the objective is
just over 1,600 grams we are
speaking a kilo and a half long that good
so to make a 100 400 it is
within what is a weight index
normal and good then certainly not
is that it is a light objective not much
less but yes we are talking a
optics with very good performance with
a very good sharpness with a good
definition let's see focus and quality in
all the life of the image and then
because this makes the lens groups and
the crystals then have one is one
size that irremediably
you have to hold for it comes very well
then the hoop that comes to power
move the center of gravity of the
typical forward set use
a monkey stand with this guy
of objectives or also because not a
tripod say that this hoop will bother
you could get to remove a little more the
diaphragm is 9 rounded blades and the
factor of reproductions of 0.31 that are
Technical data minus 031 is data
less less precise technicians so
nothing I think by the 2200 2000
Sorry, we have it on our page
web photography art point is well I think
that we are facing a good goal is not
of the cheapest ones but yes we are going to
get in return a quality that good
Well, when better used optics
that are not original in our
teams, I do not say they are bad this
kind of goals but then a
original optics is sometimes about the
price we end up getting to see something
Hence I think that gives you at that point
and that the
price difference so to those who
be behind him I hope that I have
could clarify something with this video and
our website through
art photography forum then you can
ask any question and of course
buy is this goal of this great
piece that canon has evolved and that
it's about 100 404 and a half 56 l version 2
thank you friends and nothing we see in
next videos see you later